feat: deploy opening browser CLI (#1209)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/build-journey/develop-with-azion/frameworks/framework-angular.mdx

3. Wait while the project is built and deployed to the Azion Edge Platform.

:::note 

> Once the deploy is triggered, Azion will open the browser and take the user to a page on Azion Console where the deployment logs and process can be monitored. If it doesn't open automatically, just click on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the deployment is triggered, Azion will open the browser and redirect the user to a page on Azion Console where the deployment logs and process can be monitored. If it doesn't open automatically, just click on the link.
```
